Previously on Return.
The problem for this case...
lies in the initial investigation of the police.
The detective got too deep within his own theory...
and disregarded any evidence that didn't align with his theory.
What do you know? Why are you complaining about the police?
I simply believe that if a man commits suicide to prove...
that he didn't kill his girlfriend...
even after his death, we should listen.
Do you have anything else to say?
I can't stand her.
Do you live here?
I'm moving into 302 today.
- I see. - So where do you live?
In 401.
Gosh, we're neighbors.
Hi.
- You must look like your daddy. - Pardon?
See you around.
Why are you here?
I told you I was going to move here.
Have you lost your mind?
I told you to call.
I told you not to wait because I had a gathering!
You were so into me before.
Are you sick of me now? Is that it?
Don't be like that.
Why did you want us to meet?
There's no particular reason.
Are we expecting another guest?
Let me get that.
In Ho, you have a guest.
Mi Jung is dead.
How could this happen?
I was searching for her while investigating a drug case.
But what is this?
These are Roman numerals. 99.
- When is the time of death? - There's a sign of the corpse...
being refrigerated.
Did you find something?
He's the only guy who always showed up in the parking lot...
30 minutes after Yum Mi Jung checked into the hotel.
(Episode 3)
(Order Information of the Purchaser, Name: Kang In Ho)
"Kang In Ho".
It's creepy how all evidence is pointing at him.
Get me his home address as quickly as possible.
I'm on it.
(Gangdong Precinct)
I'm with the police.
Hi, what brings you here?
Is Mr. Kang In Ho home?
May I ask what this is about?
Mr. Kang In Ho?
- Yes. - You are under arrest...
for murdering and abandoning the body of Ms. Yum Mi Jung.
Wait. Hold on.
What... What is he talking about?
Could I...
talk to my wife in private for a moment, please?
I'll give you five minutes.
Explain it to me. Why are you suspected of murder?
You don't know Mi Jung on a personal level.
Well, that's...
Wait, did you...
Honey.
Please just believe in me. I'm sure this is nothing.
Don't believe what others say about me.
Please listen to only me, and believe in me.
I'll be back before you know it. Okay?
Bye.
Put your muscles into good use.
Why don't you help?
Is that why you look familiar?
I thought for a second that she was In Ho's ex-lover.
I don't think I'm In Ho's type.
Tell us.
What do you think of me?
You're definitely not my type.
You're vulgar, do whatever you want,
and delude yourself that you can charm guys...
with such qualities.
My goodness, what brings you here at this hour?
Please excuse my manners. Is Tae Suk home?
Honey.
Tae Suk.
What is it? Why are you calling me?
What is this about?
Can we talk in private for a moment?
In somewhere quiet.
What could you...
possibly talk about without me?
- Let's go to Joon Hee's. - Honey, honey.
Have you two...
known Mi Jung before our dinner by any chance?
No.
Please answer my question, Joon Hee.
You knew her, didn't you?
You should hear it from In Ho.
I agree. You should let In Ho explain about that.
But tell me what's going on first.
Why are you asking me this question? Any why do you look anxious?
Did something happen to In Ho?
A detective came to our house a little while ago.
He arrested In Ho as a suspect for the murder of Mi Jung.
What should I do?
That can't be possible.
There's no reason In Ho would murder her.
What I meant was...
that In Ho can't be the murderer.
But why did the detective arrest him?
There must have been a misunderstanding.
So you must act with composure.
Don't tell his parents now.
First, find him an attorney.
I'm sure you probably know more about that than me.
Someone who is competent and you can trust.
How did you get those scratches on your face?
I... I got scratched by a cat.
You got scratched by a cat.
What is your relationship with Ms. Yum Mi Jung?
We are friends.
"Friends"?
My gosh, that must be nice.
So you go to a hotel suite 4 or 5 times a month with a friend.
Right?
Keep it together, Na Ra.
Think.
Let's think.
Oh, no.
Mommy. What's wrong?
What are you doing?
(Choi Ja Hye)
Mommy. What's wrong?
Hey, Dokgo. Did you find anything?
No.
Everyone claims the right to remain silent. Where did they learn that?
Where else? They must've learned it from dramas.
Did you get the DNA sample?
- Yes. I just sent it to NFS. - Okay.
Anyway, this will be a headache if the media finds out.
Kang In Ho is Taeha Group's sole heir.
My goodness. These people lack nothing,
but they are having affairs and committing murder.
Gosh.
Keep your mouth shut. Don't run your mouth.
I may not always speak the truth, but I don't run my mouth.
Dal Rae.
From now on, that lady you met earlier,
will pick you up after kindergarten.
You can come pick me up.
Mommy's going to get a little busy from now on,
so I won't be able to spend as much time with you anymore. Sorry.
No.
Come here.
The times create crime,
and people create justice. We highlighted cases...
that are consistent with that statement.
There was a case in which protecting the human rights...
of the offender resulted in being inconsiderate...
to the victim or the victim's family when they deserved to be consoled.
There was a case in which crimes weren't punished because...
the offender was young or mentally weak.
All citizens of Korea have a duty to protect the law.
However, the law must come after the moral of the law.
A law that we can accept.
A law that exists within reason.
That is the world I dream of.
TV's legal show, "Return".
The 12-week series has come to an end.
I will see you again in Season Three.
I wish you happiness.
Cut!
- Thank you. - Thank you.
What brings you here?
It's good to have you here. I was going to call you anyway.
Ja Hye. I need your help.
Hey! Dokgo! Dokgo!
Dokgo!
- What? - Do you know who's here?
Did the police commissioner come or something?
Why would I freak out about the police commissioner?
You talk so big.
You'd fall to the ground if you saw the police commissioner.
So? Who's here?
Are you okay?
- We meet again. - Hello.
Are you in charge of the case?
Yes, well...
I'm Kang In Ho's attorney, Choi Ja Hye.
Sure.
May I see my client?
I didn't get to introduce myself properly last time.
Are you...
I'm your attorney.
- Did Na Ra hire you? - Yes.
Is she okay?
It may take some time.
Will you keep standing there?
Am I interrupting you?
No, I don't think so, but...
I'm sure you won't be helpful.
[VIU Ver] E03 Return "You Are Under Arrest"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
The dash cam is missing its memory card.
It is?
You really aren't helpful.
If you have nothing to do, would you make me some coffee?
So you want me to leave you alone.
Thank you.
The dash cam's memory card is missing.
If you don't have teeth, use your gums.
It's not in the cup holder.
Okay.
(Parking Receipt)
Hangang Park. November 27th.
November 27th.
That's the day Yum Mi Jung went missing.
He had his wife and mistress together at the dinner table.
Once they finished dinner, he went to the riverside park.
Okay.
(Favorites)
Cheongdam-dong, Stellarium Villa.
(Cheongdam-dong, Stellarium Villa)
Why did you go...
to Han River that day?
I went there to break up.
Mi Jung started getting too obsessive with me.
Why did you decide to break up with her that day?
The day we all ate together, she intentionally made it risky.
Are you insane? Get up. Now.
Seriously.
I just want to see your bedroom.
You said a cheap woman like me isn't your type.
Just because we're alone in this room,
your wife won't get the wrong idea.
Get up while I'm being nice.
Hey.
This is so comfortable.
So which side do you sleep on?
What?
The inside? Or the outside?
Or do you look at your wife when you sleep like this?
- Hey. - No. No, don't tell me.
I think it'll upset me if I know.
Get out of my house right now.
Make an excuse, and get out.
Fine. Let's meet after dinner.
Really?
Can we really meet after dinner?
Yes.
Hey. Are you insane?
Hey. Stop it.
Why did you go to the bathroom in the middle of dinner?
- You don't like my food? - No, no.
- Did you see Mi Jung? - What?
No, I didn't.
Did she go to the bathroom?
My goodness. I'm terribly sorry.
I had to talk to the bar about a shipment.
Is there a problem?
It isn't good news.
I'll have to go first.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
You weren't invited anyway.
Bye, Na Ra.
Don't worry about us, and go.
Okay then. Enjoy yourselves.
My jacket, please.
Bye.
My gosh.
I couldn't tolerate Mi Jung.
I can't tolerate anyone who is a threat...
to my family.
That's interesting.
You wanted to protect...
your family, but your affair had been going on for a year.
I apologize if I have offended you.
I can't help but side with Na Ra.
According to the police case file,
you have scratches you might've gotten from a fight with the victim.
The fight must have been quite intense.
According to the police report, you made a statement that you got...
scratched by a cat.
I said it impulsively.
I was scared after being suddenly arrested.
Your skin debris has been found under Ms. Yum Mi Jung's fingernails.
This is the report of the DNA test.
(DNA Test Report)
(The DNA found under the victim's nails match with the suspect's.)
It means you cannot lie.
To me or to the detectives.
When they ask you difficult questions,
it's better to exercise your right to remain silent.
All right. Let's start with the fight.
Okay.
When I told her some harsh words to break up with her,
she slapped me in the face out of nowhere.
Hey. You're just... Well, you're a toilet.
You're like a toilet.
I can let it out whenever I want,
and if I don't need it, I just close...
How could you do this to me?
I was angry and hated her,
but I couldn't just leave her there.
She wasn't a woman I could break up like that.
Where did you go after that?
The appraised value of the land here...
is 1 of the 10 highest values in Korea.
Where do you hear all this nonsense from?
My dream is becoming an owner of a building.
On the night Yum Mi Jung supposedly disappeared,
they came here from the Han River riverside park.
He went home after staying here for an hour.
Then that means...
that all we need is the evidence that he came here with her.
That's correct.
Ms. Choi, how did the interview with Mr. Kang go?
He at least didn't look like he was dumb enough to abandon the body...
in a designer suitcase that had its own serial number on the street.
Oh, right. The street.
I rushed here to tell you this.
Here you go.
Did you look into this?
Yes, but...
There's a surveillance camera on this four-lane highway here,
but there is no surveillance camera on this one-way street,
where the suitcase with the body was found.
They didn't consider putting one as the road goes into the village.
Well, I put the surveillance footage...
in the USB I just handed to you.
That won't be enough, right?
I think there might be a way.
I think we can ask the people over there.
Where are you going?
It's a big mistake if you think everyone...
is charmed by you.
Senior citizens over 65...
favor someone cute, tiny, and pretty like me.
To be honest, they wouldn't be keen on someone tall like you.
I'll be back.
Hello, everyone.
My goodness, it's cold today, so everyone is here.
Ma'am, what are you doing? It looks like it's fun.
We're playing cards. Join the game, and sell your cards.
- My goodness. - This young lady can drink.
- Drink, drink. - Look at her.
- My goodness. - Unbelievable.
This is nice.
By the way, what brings you here?
Are you all close with your neighbors?
- Of course. - You bet.
Then do you...
still know everything that happens with your neighbors?
That's how things were when I was young and visited my grandparents'.
But I don't think it's still like that these days, right?
- It's still the same. - She's right.
Then I'm sure you can probably recognize cars from out of town.
- Isn't it obvious? Of course. - That's easy.
- Then let's take a look at this. - What is it?
- What is it? - Look at this, please.
- See if you recognize any cars. - Let me see.
- You passed it. It's Soo Boon's. - That one.
- I passed it? - Yes.
- Is this it? - Yes, that's the one.
- That's Soo Boon's. - This truck?
- Yes, that belongs to Soo Boon. - Soo Boon?
- This is Soo Boon's? - Yes.
Hello, sir.
May we ask you a few questions?
Sir,
could you please spare us some time?
What is this about?
Do you have a dash cam...
on the truck parked out in front of your cattle farm?
Of course I do.
"I caught a fish."
"See? I told you."
Mommy, please keep going.
Dal Rae, Mommy needs to take this call. It's important.
Please give me a minute, okay?
A little fairy wants to play
Rain, rain
Go away
- Go away - Yes, Ja Hye.
Hello. Can you talk?
Yes, I can.
How is it going?
I can't tell you anything in particular now,
and I needed to check something.
Okay. Please go on.
Do you remember anything about Mr. Kang's schedule on December 4th?
He went to inspect a factory in Yeoju in the morning...
and probably had a meeting on the site in the afternoon.
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure. I packed him a bag and sent him off.
You can probably find some photos on the company's website too.
Okay.
(Taeha Group)
(Inspection of Yeoju Factory and Employee Meeting, December 4)
Okay, thank you.
Well...
Can't you tell me how it's going?
I can't talk about it now,
but I will tell you more when we have some good news.
Let's skip over unimportant parts.
Let's talk about the scratches on your face.
Why did you lie that you got scratched by a cat?
The DNA found under Mi Jung's fingernails match with your DNA.
Well, that's because...
When they ask you difficult questions,
it's better to exercise your right to remain silent.
Did your attorney tell you...
that you should remain silent?
Do whatever you want.
I understand. Lovers get into fights too.
When you're in a fight, you exchange a few punches too.
So where did you two fight?
Do you not remember?
Then should I tell you?
It was in your car.
I'm pretty sure...
you took Mi Jung to Han River after the dinner that night.
Even after a violent fight, I doubt anyone saw what happened.
Why? Because it was raining, and not many people were around.
But she was still alive after you and she had a fight.
You killed her somewhere else.
Stellarium Penthouse.
Get my attorney. I want my attorney!
Call my attorney.
It's too late for a visit.
You should know better.
I'm sure I came right on time. Let's talk.
You apparently don't want to sit with me for too long,
so I'll get right to it.
The body was found...
on the road in Paju.
Sadly, there are no cameras there.
There may be no CCTVs,
but, the road to the town is a one-way street,
so it's different from side roads that people take frequently.
This photo was taken at an intersection...
that has cameras.
If you want to enter the road that the body was found,
you must pass through this intersection.
That's why I checked all the cars...
that passed through this intersection...
before the body was found.
I showed pictures of the cars to the elderly residents,
and they pointed to this car.
Two hours before the body was found,
at exactly 8:28pm, it passed through the same road.
And at exactly 10:20pm, the body was found.
Of course Kang In Ho...
has an alibi for that time.
I'll submit evidence tomorrow morning as well.
Okay. How about this?
In order to establish his alibi,
he had someone else to dump the body at that time.
What? It's possible.
People will even commit murder for money these days.
It's not a crime...
to dump a body on a road with no cameras.
A man calculating enough...
to hire someone to dump the body and create an alibi...
put the body into a designer bag with a unique serial number,
that is as identifiable as your fingerprints,
and dumped it on a road that the townspeople take?
You're saying my client did that?
Exactly. I thought that was strange as well, to be honest.
Why did he do that?
It's too careless to say it was a mistake.
Okay, then. Since you threw a jab at me,
I'll counter with a hook.
Do you know the Stellarium Villa in Cheongdam-dong?
It's quite famous.
So you do know.
That villa is very interesting.
One of the top 10 villas in all of Korea...
has only three cameras.
At the entrance,
in the elevator, and at the garage entrance.
Stop beating around the bush.
Then do you know...
who lives in the penthouse...
that takes up the entire top floor of the building?
Kang In Ho.
It's not strange that the sole heir of Taeha Group...
owns a luxurious second home.
What's strange is that immediately before Yum Mi Jung went missing,
she was caught on camera in that villa.
What? You didn't know?
Did he say they went their separate ways at the Han River?
My gosh.
You'll have to flip the tables or reset it.
Just because she was caught on camera...
isn't proof that he murdered her.
They were caught entering together,
but Kang In Ho left alone an hour later.
That means Yum Mi Jung should be at the penthouse,
but not on a road in Paju.
Was that the only bag he had that was big enough...
to fit a body or something?
If you have something else to say, why don't we go elsewhere?
There's a nice drip coffee place nearby...
I'll buy coffee another time.
I see you haven't found a smoking gun either.
If you want to challenge me, you need solid evidence...
rather than circumstantial evidence.
For example, a video of Kang In Ho...
moving the bag.
It feels like I'm losing for some reason.
How is this any different from solid evidence?
Don't you have anything to tell me?
Like something you can't bear to say out loud?
- What are you doing? - Exactly.
Why am I here?
What...
How much can I believe you...
No. How much must I believe you?
If the trust between an attorney and client is broken,
it's impossible to win that trial.
Look. You're not making any sense.
Where did you last see Yum Mi Jung?
Did you think there was a secret that you could keep forever?
I'll ask you once again.
- Did you kill Yum Mi Jung? - No!
How can I believe you?
Then leave! There are plenty of lawyers out there.
That's right. There are plenty of lawyers out there.
If any of them...
have a win rate as high as I do, go ahead.
Wait.
Darn it!
(Episode 4 will air shortly.)